Hello, my name is Federico and I am one of the creators of myAbakus.

I am going to explain to you the position of our software in the accounting software market, so that you can determine if it is what you need and are looking for for your company, without having to create an account and test the software.

With that clear, let's get into the matter.

---

The point from which we must start is that in the world there are two types of accounting: tax accounting and what I call managerial accounting.

Tax accounting does not require much explanation: all companies are required to do it in order to meet their tax obligations.

Managerial accounting, on the other hand, is to control, understand and improve the financial position of a company.

The problem with tax accounting is that it does not usually adequately reflect the financial reality of a small or medium-sized company.

And the problem with managerial accounting is that most small and medium-sized companies don't put it into practice.

Assuming you agree with this, I can go on to explain the difference between tax accounting software and management accounting software.

---

Tax accounting software has one main feature that is very clear and obvious when using it: it is designed for the accountant.

This makes sense because accountants are the main distribution channel for accounting software through the recommendations they make to their clients.

Therefore, the most important person to the accounting software company is not you as an entrepreneur, but the accountant as an agent and distributor.

Any accounting software company will deny this and claim that both accountants and entrepreneurs "love their software" and that it is "super simple, intuitive, and easy to use."

This is highly questionable, because as we said, most business owners decide which accounting software to use based on their accountant's recommendations, not because they are "in love" with its simplicity and ease of use.

The reality is that it is very difficult to create a product that both accountants and entrepreneurs really "love" for the simple reason that they have very different idiosyncrasies and needs.

And that is the opportunity that we see in the market for a really simple accounting software focused on accounting concepts and processes that are useful and valuable for the entrepreneur.

Regardless of whether this limits us to serving a relatively small market niche: SME owners who want to elevate accounting from a problem to be solved (tax accounting) to a valuable tool for their company (managerial accounting).

---

Basically we want to be the best option for those who want something similar to what happens in a large company, where the accounting department is at the service of the finance area.

In a large company, finance is responsible for analyzing, planning and supporting decision-making, using the information produced by accounting as a basis.

In a small business, the accounting department's role is filled by an outside accountant, with information that is often out of date and difficult to interpret.

And the function of the financial area usually does not exist because the owner of the company does not have the time, the will or the tools to put it into practice.

My invitation, therefore, is for you to establish the role of finance in your company by implementing our software and using it regularly.

---

Also remember that creating an account and testing our software is pointless if your reality and the problem you are trying to solve do not match my explanation.

In fact, a good affinity test for our software is that there is nothing new or novel in what I have just explained to you.

All I have done here is articulate a problem that you probably already understood intuitively and from your own experience.

So if you think it is time to put managerial accounting into practice in your company, and let your accountant take care of the tax part, we invite you to create your account and evaluate our software.

In any case, I thank you very much for your attention and I hope that this information has been useful to you. 